0.  JPEG(Joint Photographic Expert Groups) - almost 16 million
	GIF(Graphics Interchange Format) - lossless pallette based - 8 bits per pixel - 256 colors
	PNG(Portable Network Graphics) - used in mac and better than GIF in terms of compression - almost same as JPEG i.e. 16 million
	BMP(Bitmap Image Format) - true representation of an image - 24 bit per pixel - 2^24 colors

1.	Among all of them GIF supports animation.
  
2.	Lossy compression - compressing the size of the image by compensation on its quality so that minute details gets degraded but the overall quality of
						the picture is not that affected and the size of the file is reduced to a great extent. Eg : JPEG.
	Lossless compression - compressing the size of the image without compromizing the quality is called lossless compression. However the levels of compression
							in the size of the image is not that much. Eg : GIF, PNG.
3.  GIF, PNG
4.  When a file is deleted from a FAT system then the file's directory entry is removed from the allocation table such that we cannot know in which clusters
    the file is stored in the memory even though the file is present in pieces in the memory.
5.  If you want to delete the file so that it is unrecoverable then one should remove the pieces of the file stored in the memory as well as delete it's
    entry from the FAT table.
6	stdint.h defines the standard input types alongwith their different widths in terms of bits.				 
7.  uint8_t, uint16_t, uint32_t and int32_t are used to specify the particular types of int data types with pre-defined bit widths independent of the
	underlying architecture.
8.  BYTE - 1 byte
	WORD - 2 byte
	LONG - 4 byte
	DWORD - 4 byte
9.  The magic number for .bmp files is 42 4D.
10. bfSize - bfsize is the size of the .bmp file which includes the size of the BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER and the size of the pixels array 
	biSize - this specifies the size of BITMAPINFOHEADER struct.	
11. biHeight is -ve means that the image is top to bottom.
12. biBitCount is used to indicate the number of bits in each pixel which gives the color depth of BMP file.
13. when fopen() is unable to open the specified file in the specified mode then in that case it returns NULL since it's return type is FILE*.
14. the third argument in fread in copy.c is always 1 because we want to read only 1 unit of size 3 byte from infile and check if it is red noise or not.
15. TODO
16. TODO
17. TODO
18. TODO
	