0.  an artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust
1.  getrusage returns the usage statistics of resource and stores the info in the struct rusage.
2.  the number of members in struct usage are 16 members.
3.  
4.  Step1-For loop runs
        Step1.a-fetches character from the text file.
        Check 1 - check if the character is a word or a apostrophe and the index is greater than 0
            True - append the character in the word buffer
                Check 1.1 - check if index is more than 45
                    True - Discard the word and set the index to 0
        Check 1-a - Check if the character fetched is a number or not
            True - Discard the word after fetching rest of the characters as it is an invalid word.
        Check 1-b - Check if the index is greater than 0
            True - The word so created is valid and is used as an argument when calling the check function.
5.  TODO
6.  TODO
7.  For this assignment I have implemented a TRIE structure by creating node which have one boolean component to set if the node is the ending of a word
    and the other component is array of nodes i.e. structs of size 27 each to denote the letters of the english alphabet and the last child is to denote
    an apostrophe.
8.  Well to make the code work itself was a big task for me so I haven't kept a track of the timing improvements in my implementation of speller.
9.  Well I have implemented speller using TRIE data structure as explained above and with the added logic that my code fetches whole words from the
    dictionary and not characters to load them in memory in order to reduce the numner of IO operations to the dictionary file and to give a higher performance
    to the code.
10. Sowm of the bottlenecks that my code has is that it gives segmentation fault at the beginning but I was able to figure it out where I was going wrong 
    and corrected and it has removed the segmentation fault that I used to face in the code.
